Remove mempoolfullrbf (#30592)
bitcoin/bitcoin: doc/release-notes-30592.md

Full Replace-By-Fee
===================

> `mempoolfullrbf` option is removed, with full rbf the fixed behavior.

Author: sure, than verbatim

Full Replace-By-Fee
===================

> Starting with v28.0, the `mempoolfullrbf` startup option was set to
> default to `1`. With widespread adoption of this policy, users no longer
> benefit from disabling it, so the option has been removed, making full
> replace-by-fee the standard behavior. (#30592)

Reviewer: This is a bit confusing, because defaulting to `mempoolfullrbf=1` already made full replace-by-fee the standard behavior, but this reads as if removing the option makes it the standard behavior.
Perhaps something like this:

```suggestion
After the policy was broadly adopted by miners, starting with v28.0, the `mempoolfullrbf` startup option was set to 
default to `1`. With widespread adoption of full replace-by-fee, it becomes the standard behavior on the network. Users no longer benefit from disabling it, so the option has been removed.
```

Author: will take language if I touch PR again
